Add different authentication flows (#38)
elisaado/somtoday-api-docs: Authentication.md

This will return another cookie that you need to save: `JSESSIONID`. To make sure you can save the cookie I recommend to disallow the HTTP request to follow redirects.

### Step 2: Deciding if it is a username+password flow or an username first-flow

> When logging in somtoday, there'll be 2 options on how to send your username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When logging in to somtoday, there'll be 2 options on how to send your username and password.
```

> username+password flow: After entering your school and pressing submit, there'll appear 2 input fields for username & password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username+password flow: After entering your school and pressing "Volgende", there will appear 2 input fields for username & password.
```

> username first-flow: After entering your school and pressing submit, there'll appear only 1 input field for the username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username first-flow: After entering your school and pressing "Volgende", there only appears 1 input field for the username.
```

To decide which flow it is, we'll have to send one request.

#### `POST /0-1.-panel-signInForm`
| Name                                                     | Type      | Value                                 |
|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------|
| usernameFieldPanel:usernameFieldPanel_body:usernameField | body      | [username]                            |
| Origin                                                   | header    | https://inloggen.somtoday.nl          |
| JSESSIONID                                               | cookie    | [JSESSIONID]                          |
| auth                                                     | param     | `authorization_code`                  |
| production-authenticator-stickiness                      | cookie    | [production-authenticator-stickiness] |

`auth`: This is the authorization code that you got from step 1.

`username`: This is the username of the user that you want to authenticate.

#### Returns

> Don't follow the redirect, check if the ``auth`` parameter exists in the 'Location' header. If exists, then it is a **username + password flow**, otherwise it is an **username first-flow**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't follow the redirect, check if the ``auth`` parameter exists in the 'Location' header. If it exists, then you need to use the **username + password flow**, otherwise it is a **username first-flow**
```
